lately it's been a rat for my people and
gyro actually what goes around and come
around the spiral Factory the globe used
to be black you see no vitiligo I go
back to these cracking times it all came
from Cairo practically set up straight
they land it on the land a man set up
rate think dinner on the skyscraper wait
for the update they eat us wrong
man-made heart to offer a stream of
going up to fear adrenaline boom - sure
Treena chrome harvest they got us in a
jar right job is this precision prank
this machine man we need a vision our
[ __ ] is sick killing us quickly wrong
herbs or conferences I jump in this to
go nuts with the shell disarmed ocular
this test is for you rooming them skies
are distressed destroy your Kim shut up
cell it's free energy bless the Tesla
coil Edison light still here but it's
evident hi white stood up we can take
flight if we get the Wright brothers
plane sight right on you all
hieroglyphics what we fantasize to get
the truth we must analyze history
reversing the map with a man standing go
to Kim it why with this pair of mirrors
in the Grand Canyon but they dead see
all this [ __ ] of scam like how did they
drain all of this Walter [ __ ] damn I
do this we've been asked out mean y'all
knew this yet they sell us cold b12
pocket did it sell us clothes YouTube
and Instagram is not what it used to be
for me I'm still so passionate about
spreading the vegan message I'm simply
doing it in a few other ways because I
never got the financial rewards from
YouTube to support me like I don't I
don't even make an income out of this at
all I don't even make $100 enough to get
like a paycheck from YouTube
static I just told my people rise we ask
to be treated equal the biggest cable
equalizer equalizer watch by the eagle
I've been fearing me no crime going seen
when they got Homeland Security Deep Web
[ __ ] [ __ ] children building their
ego gets wall in the Deep Web my P oh
yeah we know there's a cop out pizza
gate a piece of party piece of cake up
wake up D Jacob we must
suspicious cookbook [ __ ] this is
sugar pride we waking up yeah we look
alive the library filled with a book of
lies history
don't mention an Queen we should Idol
take the woman out the word of the Lord
you get it by boom all this [ __ ]
attracts just to keep you stuck tell you
that he [ __ ] up the world that's just
to keep you [ __ ] Nicki Minaj it's all
Facebook girls wake up never act silly
shout outs to ill Camille and Rap City
real please who fight fosters to push
the agenda
don't be Barbies don't do parties don't
be I'll be with Bacardi storm thunder
coming
show the young Queens they could be
Wonder Woman it's fast know every line
the truth if I come in last so embrace
it I'm higher up to never show their
faces plan plan those who run the world
it really raises this a new case Oh Maya
was fluoride in the toothpaste what the
[ __ ] now doc the end the bus down it's a
Blueface wait victory soul from the
victors the crack killer slow my [ __ ]
soul tried to lift them see Aboriginal
been blacking crack a new syntax the
flow perfection wait they feed on the
kids in the hood you get it section a
wait y'all snoozing don't remove the
facts yo D they eat us peep that's why
you think they choose the black for
slave could a white dissolve out with a
satellite and yet they trapped us all in
this firmament to be kinda like saddle
up [ __ ] I was christened before knowing
who I was now my mission is more flowing
Norma Gucci no more proud of no
Christian Dior showing entomology for
Lucifer ah the your call it going I will
not move
plot move listen my mission is to drop
jewels I'm poised to howl I got some
scary dude standing up for Terry Crews I
don't know how to something positive I
want to you know when I die I want to
know that I left some at least want to
know that I helped someone but YouTube
and Instagram is not what it used to be
for me like I don't I don't even make an
income out of this at all I don't even
make $100 enough to get like a paycheck
from YouTube I'm still so passionate
about spreading the vegan message I'm
simply doing it in a few other ways
because I never got the financial
rewards from YouTube to support me it
takes too much time and there's other
things in life that I need to pursue
reason I'm touching myself so much as
mosquitoes of course so that's why I
guess I'm not a youtuber in the same
capacity as I used to be and I figured
out other ways to make some cash and
that is why if you look at my and I'm
not blaming anyone on that but myself
all my friends that are killing it
Alysse raw alignment Mady limb burner so
many people who are just crushing it on
YouTube and doing like a nomadic
lifestyle like me but through YouTube
all the power to them I'm just not as
good of a filmmaker and I'm not as good
of an entertainer I guess cuz I still
get a thousand or 2,000 views per video
whereas some of my peers who have been
putting in similar amounts of work are
getting a lot more and the only person
to blame for that is me I don't have
great cameras I'm not the best editor
and so that's just what has happened
like I don't I don't even make an income
out of this at all I don't even make a
hundred dollars enough to get like a
paycheck from YouTube um
which kind of sucks to be honest but
that's what are you gonna do you know
when I just started becoming more
popular
I was speaking I think so many more
people on my YouTube channel like I
would get comments every day from people
saying you veganize me helps me stay
vegan like you're awesome blah blah blah
and nowadays like I don't feel like I'm
doing anything meaningful to anyone and
I don't know how to do anything
meaningful like I don't know how to like
convert this into something positive I
mean really people like to disrespect my
truth but the fact is that you know my
name is I don't know